[Az.Tools.Installer]: Updates for a new minor/patch version (#20022)
Azure/azure-powershell: tools/Az.Tools.Installer/ChangeLog.md

## Upcoming Release

> * Make Repository parameter mandatory for `Install-AzModule` and `Update-AzModule`

Reviewer: Please use paste tense for change log messages

> * Make Repository parameter mandatory for `Install-AzModule` and `Update-AzModule`
> * Update telemetry assembly to 2.21.0
> * Fix typo in Az.Tools.Installer

Author: ```suggestion
* Made `Repository` parameter mandatory for `Install-AzModule` and `Update-AzModule`
* Updated telemetry assembly to 2.21.0
* Fixed typo in Az.Tools.Installer
```

Rewritten in past tense @BethandyZhou
